Project Refactor: Feature Reduction

I've been closely examining the current state of the app, and I have decided that it is time
to refactor to reduce the current feature set. 

Reasoning: While unit and lesson planning is the ultimate end-goal, there is currently insufficient
time available to properly implement these features. My main goal when starting this project was
to create an app capable of using AI assistance to create assessments with the ability to also
grade said assessments. Unit and lesson planning seemed the obvious addition, but this functionality
needs much more examination before moving forward.

Plan: Reduce the functionality of the app to assessment creation/grading only. The foundation for
this functionality is already working very well, and only needs a bit of refinement to finalize.

Currently, the app has the following structure:
	- Courses
		- Sections
			- Students
			- Assignments
		- Standards
		- Units
			- Lessons
				- Generated Materials
			- Assessments

I propose this simplified structure:
	- Courses
		- Sections
			- Students
			- Assessment Creation for Students
			- Assessment Grading for Students
		- Standards
		- Uploaded Materials
		- Assessments

The essential change I need to make is to remove unit/lesson planning. I would instead like
assessments to exist at the level just below courses. I would also like to add the ability to
upload "materials" at the course level. For example, I have years of legacy plans/assignments
that I would like to be able to upload and have AI parse them for inclusion in the creation
of assessments. I have legacy plans that I still use with formalized lesson plan documents,
worksheets, slides, etc... that I need to cover with my quizzes and assessments.

For clarification the new workflow would be:

	1. Create new course (e.g. "Earth Space Science")
	2. Create sections (e.g. "Block A" or "Period 1")
	3. Assign students to sections
		a. We will need the addition of a "DOK, Depth of Knowledge" assignment for each student.
	4. Upload standards to class
	5. Upload materials to class (e.g. legacy tests, legacy assignments, legacy lesson plans, etc...)
		AI would parse these materials and store them in format suitable for using in assessment creation. This part
		is very important!! This will be a large part of the foundation of creating assessments moving forward.
	6. Add Assessment: This functionality would largely stay the same, except for a few small additional changes:
		a. In addition to choosing which standards to cover with the assessment, the teacher will be allowed to also
			choose from any uploaded materials they have provided. The rest of assessment creation shall remain
			unchanged, and teacher will be able to add/edit/delete questions as they currently can.
		b. Teacher will be allowed to add additional prompting to assessment creation in order to get better results. Perhaps
			an "iterative" approach to question generation would be preferable? We should explore this.
		c. While all assessment types will remain the same, the "quiz" type will vary slightly according to notes below.
		d. Once a "grade level DOK" assessment has been created, a new interface will be available to create "above grade level"
			and "below grade level" assessments with AI guidance.
	7. Create Scantrons for Assessments:
		a. Assessments and scantrons will be created for each student.
		b. When creating assessments, a "DOK checklist" will pop up to allow teacher to quickly change the DOK assignment
			for individual students to match their current learning level. I envision a list of students with a drop-down
			next to each that has the DOK assignment from the roster pre-filled allowing the teacher to quickly change
			only the DOK for those students who need it.
		c. In addition to differing DOK levels, the assessments should also have a "randomized" functionality where the tests'
			multiple choice answers are randomized to prevent cheating during test taking. This will mean that both the test
			and scantron will need to have a "version" (e.g. A,B,C,D, etc...) printed at the top. The differing DOK levels can
			likely have the same "correct" answers, but will likely differ in their "distractor" values to vary DOK assessment.
	8. Grade Scantrons:
		a. Grading will remain largely unchanged, but will include an "all grades" section for each section that will allow
			teachers to keep track of all grades for each section. Export options will be available so teachers can use these
			grades in external systems.

Quiz Details:
	The generation of "quiz" assessments will be slightly different than it exists now.
		a. Quizzes will be in a new format with 3-10 questions on a single page WITH an included
			"scantron" section on the same page. This will aid in quickly generating quizzes
			that can be handed out quickly and efficiently.
		b. 3 - 10 questions
		c. Included scantron section including QR code, quiz title, etc.
		d. This new quiz layout will require some investigation and testing to ensure accurate grading
			functionality.
			
Important Considerations:
	I would prefer not to lose any of the work we have done with the current state of lesson planning. I feel like it is a good
	start, but lack of time has forced me to roll back functionality. I am hoping there is a way to somehow "preserve" our work
	in some way so that we can revisit it later. I would love to hear any recommendations about how to preserve the current state
	for picking up later.







