Proposed Software for Helping Teachers Make and Grade Tests and Lesson Plans

I am a teacher, and I would like to build a piece of software that will help me generate
lessons plans as well as tests for my various classes.

I would like for this software to use Electron for cross-platform compatibility with Mac, Windows, and Linux.

Sections:

Lesson plans:
	What I propose is that this software use Google Drive as its source of most relevant information.
I imagine that I will have a special folder in my Google Drive dedicated to this software. Within this folder,
I would have a folder for each of my classes. For example, I would have one folder for freshman science, one folder
for sophomore physics, one folder for junior chemistry, etc... Inside of each of these "class" folders, I would have
a special folder that has detailed information on my State's teaching standards. These standards would be followed
and information would be gathered from other resources and "lesson plans" could be created. I imagine that the lesson
planning would allow for some "agentic" usage of AI to build lesson plans based on prompted responses to questions or
free-form prompts. The agentic AI would provide a detailed step-by-step process for creating lesson plans and would
use multiple agentic AI's to produce presentations, classroom activities, quizzes, etc. This step would be a sort of 
"hand holding" exercise that would allow the software to produce quality classroom content.

All of the lesson plans, activites, quizzes, etc. created for a class would go into a special sub-folder within the
class folder such as "class-materials".

The information built up to this point would would serve as a basis for teaching the class. The information created
would not be a comprehensive account of all materials used in the classroom, but would help alleviated much of the 
stress of being a teacher. Any additional materials (handouts, powerpoint presentations, quizzes, etc.) not produced
by the software (created elsewhere or legacy material) would also be stored in the Google Drive "class-materials"
folder.

Test:
	All of the information stored in the "class-materials" folder for each class could now be used to automate the
creation of multiple choice tests. This again would be an agentic workflow which would allow a teacher to tell the
software to create the test with a certain number of questions, a certain number of "distractors", and certain criteria
for special areas to cover or ignore. This again would necessitate the use of "agentic" AI in some form. The tests would
be generated in a form that would allow the teacher to revise manually as needed and re-load into the app to maintain
changes. The teacher would also be able to "guide" the process to add figures and illustrations to the test as appropriate.
Perhaps the "distractor" answer creation could be optional, giving the teacher more fine-grained control over
the testing experience. The important point is that the teacher have final control over every aspect of the test. The 
software would just provide a quick way to generate a test that would be easy to build upon. Once the test 
has been finalized, the app would take all of the questions and answers, and would "randomize" the test into three or
four random forms, randomizing both the order of questions as well as the "correct" answer (A,B,C,D,etc...).

Grading:
	The app would allow for the creation of a "scantron" like sheet with answer bubbles that the students would fill out
when taking the test. This method of test-taking avoids common pain-points like online distraction and willingness to cheat.
I imagine that these scantron sheets would have a bar-code or QR or similar that would contain details about which test they
were taking. The test would also need to have a title of some sort, such as "Mrs. Smith Chemistry 2025/12/19 ver.A" or similar.
Each test from above would also have this same title so that it would ensure that all tests and answer sheets match.
We would also have to find some way of obtaining student information for grading purposes. The old scantron sheets used
either student name or student number that the student would fill out before taking the test. We would have
to think about how that might work.

Once the tests are taken, my school has a large scanner that I could feed hundreds of tests into and generate one
large PDF. The software would allow me to open this pdf and scan the tests to test them. Scores would be recorded
in the same "class" Google Drive folder in a spreadsheet for later consideration.

Tools:
	Since we now have a combination of questions/answers and test scores, we can take a closer look at which topics
the students are doing well in, and which topics need further attention. I imagine a "reports" section that would
allow teachers to take a closer look at specific areas that need more attention in class. The "Lesson Plans" section
of the app could even take advantage of this data and make changes/suggestions that would augment/change the lesson
plan materials to focus more on areas that need it.


Concerns:
	I've never built an app that has an "agentic" AI component, meaning one that takes advantage of an LLM in its
processes. I'm not sure this is even possible or whether it is conceivable. If it is, I suppose we should give
users the option of which LLM to use, which would necessitate navigating the API structure of each possible
candidate.

I'm also weighing the benefits of having a local app (Electron) vs having this project be a web-based project.
Given the lifting of PDF reading, etc. I think the local option might be best, but I'm open to conversation
about this.




